Nomad Docs: Move load balancer content from tutorials to nomad docs (#1523)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/nomad/v1.11.x/content/docs/networking/load-balancer/index.mdx

up the necessary infrastructure. Nomad then deploys the load balancers to the
correct nodes.

The following is a high-level implementation overview:

1. Create an autoscaling group in your cloud provider. 
1. Configure the the Nomad clients that are going to run your load balancer. 

   - Specify a [`node_class`](/nomad/docs/configuration/client#node_class) so
     that Nomad logically groups these nodes together. 
   - Add the cloud autoscaling group metadata as [client
     `metadata`](/nomad/docs/configuration/client#meta).
1. Configure the load balancer job.

   - Add a [job `constraint`](/nomad/docs/job-specification/constraint) for the `node_class`.
   - Add a constraint for the cloud autoscaling metadata. This constrains the
     deployment to only nodes that match the metadata.
1. Run the load balancer job. 

## Next steps

Access [Fabio](/nomad/docs/deploy/clusters/load-balance/fabio),
[HAProxy](/nomad/docs/deploy/clusters/load-balance/haproxy),
[NGINX](/nomad/docs/deploy/clusters/load-balance/nginx), and
[Traefik](/nomad/docs/deploy/clusters/load-balance/traefik) guides for
instructions on deploying a specific load balancer. Note that all of these load

> balancers require a Nomad installation configured to use Consul.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following guides are available for specific load balancing applications:

- [Fabio](/nomad/docs/deploy/clusters/load-balance/fabio)
- [HAProxy](/nomad/docs/deploy/clusters/load-balance/haproxy)
- [NGINX](/nomad/docs/deploy/clusters/load-balance/nginx)
- [Traefik](/nomad/docs/deploy/clusters/load-balance/traefik) 

Be aware that all of these load balancer guides require a Nomad installation configured to use Consul.
```
